//slices can be made with this function 
func make([]T, len, cap) []T

slice1 := make([]int, 10) 


HTTP NOTES
hyper text transfer protocol 
http is responsible for communication between clients and servers. It is the protocol of the web
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SzSXHv8RKdM&t=257s 
	"what is http" by dave xiang
{
1.
http follows client server model aka request response model
person going to eat at kitchen 

clients are the browser I use they are clients to http the server for http are the web applications 
that are sitting on the cloud owned by companies

2. stateless 
cookies and sessions track your state

3. HTTP is an application layer portocol. HTTP usually using tcp protocal. TCP is how data is transmitted. TCP defines how data is transferred from on point to another. 
SO HTTP sits above the TCP. HTTP doesnt care about how it gets the data, it carse about the data 

4. Client actions 
whenever client requests something from the server it always specifies special action. get post and delete are special actions to be performed by server

//sidenote what are the network layers of software and hardware and information transmission? 

5. server status codes 
http defines server status codes. 

6. Headers. http supports headers. headers are custom info sent with requests. 
so client requests the type of data, server recognizes and responds with a response with a header as well. Headers are included on the request side and response side. There is no standard "rule book" for headers. We can send very custom headers relative to environment
} 

http crash course & exploration Traversy media 
{ 
any time we open a browser we are using http going through request and response cycle.
Each request is independent. HTTP is completely stateless 
https is where the data sent is secure security provided by SSL 
SSL - secure socket layer 
TSL is transport security layer

http methods:
get- get data from server
	- every time I visit a webpage I make a get request to the server via http 

post- submit data to server
put- update data on server
delete - deletes data from server

with each request and response using http there is a header and a body.

Body is typically the html page youre trying to load
STATUS CODES 
1xx is informational
2xx: success 
	200 - OK 
	201 - okay created
3xx: redirect 
	301 - moved to new url 
	304 - not modified (cached version) 
4xx: client error
	400 - bad request
	401 - unauthorized
	404 - not found 
5xx: server error
	500 - internal server error

Postman great for testing apis that I make 


https uses one of 2 protocols to transfer secure data 
SSL- ssl certificate is sent from server, client acknowledges server and then they can exchange encrypted data 
TSL - does similar thing as SSL

}


GO METHODS FROM net/http AND IO/IOUTIL 
http.ResponseWriter value assembles the http servers response by writing to it, we send data to the http client 

